Richelle Direny: April.
april carte: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Aren't you just looking real cute and everything. While you missed my session last week.
april carte: What session.
Richelle Direny: Do you need to come to my session looking cute like you are right now.
Richelle Direny: You missed my session on Tuesday.
april carte: I had a session on Tuesday.
april carte: What what was
Kennie Brown: It. What was it
april carte: Oh my god, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
april carte: God, you would think that I could keep up with things like this, since we're all in quarantine.
april carte: But it's still hard for me.
Richelle Direny: Well you you hold up, hold on April and put your business on Front Street you in quarantine looking like that.
april carte: Yeah.
april carte: I got tired of walking around looking dead.
april carte: So I decided today I'm gonna put some makeup on.
april carte: And some earrings.
april carte: And sit down and do my video chat.
Richelle Direny: Hey, there you go right ahead. You can write it. Sometimes I gotta do what you gotta do. Right.
april carte: That's right, that's right side it will look like The Walking Dead.
Richelle Direny: Hey, I hear you, I hear you. Okay, so you're here. That's good. I see someone here that's looking, I see you, sir, I see you. What's your name,
Richelle Direny: Hi.
Richelle Direny: I can't hear you.
Richelle Direny: Can't hear you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let's see.
Richelle Direny: Are you
Richelle Direny: Are you, Brian.
Alvin: I'm Alvin.
Richelle Direny: Oh, now I hear you, I hear you.
Richelle Direny: I hear you.
Okay, every
Richelle Direny: Okay, so this is your first time.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so everyone is slowly coming
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Imma proceed with this one, we're really going to proceed with caution. It says Mary's phone, are you married
No.
Alvin: I'm album. This is a my girlfriend's phone
OK. OK.
Richelle Direny: So out so okay so this is Alvin. Now, who's now the gentleman down in the bottom with the glasses. I thought you said you were Alvin.
Alvin: No, I don't see anybody else. It's just me. I got a blue shirt on.
Richelle Direny: Okay, if you are on your cell phone, slide your phone. You'll see everybody else.
Alvin: Yeah, we go
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I don't see. I can't hear you. I see you looking your older the king, gentlemen. We do have on you, haven't you have a beard. What's your name,
Richelle Direny: Type in your chat, because I cannot hear you, if you can hear me. I cannot
Richelle Direny: Hear you
Richelle Direny: Hi, Lisa, I missed you last week was the baby.
Lisa Goodwill: She been gone back and forth with this fever and all they're telling me to do is given her Tylenol and that dog. She's been going back and forth with the fever, and I did.
Worker.
Lisa Goodwill: But my
Lisa Goodwill: But my phone.
Lisa Goodwill: End of it.
Richelle Direny: You said that your what
Lisa Goodwill: My phone
Lisa Goodwill: By itself at the end of it, and I spoke
Lisa Goodwill: On the phone for the last week.
Lisa Goodwill: This one keeps shutting up I buy 100% on my battery and then all of a sudden shut off.
Richelle Direny: By no means that you're back means that your battery is no good.
Richelle Direny: When your phone.
Richelle Direny: When it's not keeping that
Richelle Direny: When it's not when your phone is not keeping the charge anymore. It means that the battery in the phone is no good.
Richelle Direny: So it basically you have to keep it uncharged in order for it to function. You can't take it off charge
Lisa Goodwill: Well, I bought it on carbon and john it to
Lisa Goodwill: Me too.
april carte: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's a
Richelle Direny: New phone
Richelle Direny: I think that's why you need a new phone.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Austin.
Richelle Direny: I mean, Natalie.
Natalie Austin: Can
Richelle Direny: I see. I can't hear him.
Richelle Direny: I just want to change his name on his screen.
Richelle Direny: Is that
Natalie Austin: Mary's phone
Natalie Austin: Others Eric Hi Eric.
Eric Owens: How are you
Natalie Austin: My screen. His, His
Richelle Direny: older gentleman on the, I don't, I can't hear him.
Natalie Austin: Okay, hold on.
I'll text them.
Natalie Austin: My headphones on, though.
Richelle Direny: It is, I think it's he needs to maybe on the side of your phone, try to hit the volume.
To see if that
Eric Ward: Helps
Hear me now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Eric Ward: headphones off not working for someone
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: What's your first name.
Richelle Direny: Eric, Eric.
Eric Ward: Ward.
Eric Ward: My last name.
Richelle Direny: Say, you say, What's your last name.
Ward.
Richelle Direny: Ward.
Natalie Austin: said her name says up on there.
Richelle Direny: On the top or if there's a little
Richelle Direny: Three little buttons.
That's how I changed the me
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Yeah, no.
Natalie Austin: I'm wearing them down to
Natalie Austin: A galaxy yesterday, we got to play that one.
Richelle Direny: Again,
Natalie Austin: Galaxy S eight
Eric Owens: Gallons
Richelle Direny: Oh, yes.
Richelle Direny: I think this is in this Kerry.
Chasity: Cassidy case my sister.
Richelle Direny: City.
Chasity: We look a lot alike.
Eric Owens: And you know what chastity.
Richelle Direny: I think this is the first time that I could hear you. Good.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, okay, because I know sometimes it looks like you're in the kitchen, and it's just coming through really cracking.
Richelle Direny: Yep, so
Chasity: I'm going to charge a living are now.
Richelle Direny: Welcome everyone works for
Chasity: You okay
Chasity: You keep freezing up but
Chasity: I can still hear you.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Tell me when. Let's see.
Richelle Direny: We have a whole lot of people checking in.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Maybe in a few minutes, because I have a lot of, lot of people continuing to check in, we can
Natalie Austin: Honor FX
Natalie Austin: There's someone named honor sex.
Christa: It's Krista
Christa: It's my cell phone.
Christa: To put that in there you guys asked me that every time.
Natalie Austin: For Christmas, okay. That's okay.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you're in your code always see it is k
Christa: No, it's the IHI as to
How they haven't spoken.
To confuse
Richelle Direny: You see how nice and bright.
Richelle Direny: It's it's behind me.
Richelle Direny: So this. You remember how one that one time and
Richelle Direny: We talked about that song.
Richelle Direny: I can see clearly. Now the rain is gone like this.
Richelle Direny: Morning like it really got really dark
Richelle Direny: And black and now I can see clearly because the brain is gone.
Richelle Direny: And the sun is shining
Richelle Direny: Right, right. You see how bright it is.
Me.
Richelle Direny: Like literally, you just it
Richelle Direny: Just went real dark when it was
Richelle Direny: Like such a bad storm this morning.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Hi, Sandy.
Richelle Direny: I after after group.
Richelle Direny: When everybody logs on, you can just
Richelle Direny: Hang out. Okay.
Sandee A: All right. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Sandee A: I know everyone is
Richelle Direny: Everybody's slowly trickling in
Richelle Direny: So we're gonna just get started on a group because it's like this morning. It was a bigger group. It was a big group.
Richelle Direny: And so we didn't get everyone didn't get to share, but that's fine.
Richelle Direny: I know I do see a few new faces.
Richelle Direny: And so let's quickly go over
Richelle Direny: All of my
Eric Owens: Point.
Richelle Direny: Coming appointments for
Richelle Direny: The month of May.
Richelle Direny: So I have
In group right now.
Richelle Direny: Alvin, are you Alvin brown
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you have an appointment with me on
Richelle Direny: Wednesday the sixth at
7pm.
Richelle Direny: So send you a message just reminding you of your appointment.
Richelle Direny: I'm just the process they go through the same process logging in just the same way we did you did today, and then they'll give you the
Richelle Direny: Zoom call for you to come in.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Let's see who else
Richelle Direny: And I think that's the only person I have here.
Richelle Direny: That I have an
Richelle Direny: Upcoming appointment with
Richelle Direny: A DK, how are you
Abdikes Abdi: Good. I don't Russia.
Richelle Direny: I'm good last week.
Abdikes Abdi: Oh, and I was having some technical issues.
Abdikes Abdi: Apologize and
Abdikes Abdi: O'clock. I was having problems with my internet I wasn't getting local service at all. But, I apologize.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I'm
Richelle Direny: Just as everyone is checking in. I know a few people sees
Richelle Direny: Maggie, so everyone's appointment that I went over is um that's on my caseload. So kind of let me go over everyone else, um,
Richelle Direny: For their appointments I try my best to just give everyone their reminders.
Richelle Direny: That if you don't have it.
Or
Richelle Direny: Like you could just write it down, jot it down so you can remember I'm
Richelle Direny: Your point
Richelle Direny: I know I forgive you I forgive you. I know you were at work yesterday right
Richelle Direny: Think you're frozen, my dear.
Richelle Direny: Okay, can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Can
Jen D: You
Jen D: Hear me
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes. Did you get my message.
Jen D: Right now I'm about to leave. I could talk to you in like three minutes.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. No problem.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Okay, so everybody is as the numbers are climbing. Um, this is what we're gonna do numbers really climbing here, guys, so I'm
Richelle Direny: Starting on the 11th of May, it's going to be a Monday. Um, can everybody hear me.
Jenn C.: Yes.
april carte: Okay, yeah.
april carte: I'm
Richelle Direny: On the Monday to eighth the 11th.
Richelle Direny: I'm we're going to open up another group.
Richelle Direny: At 12 o'clock because the two groups are really getting big. So I'm starting the 11th will will have another group. So you have three opportunities in the week.
Richelle Direny: To show the group Monday at 12 and that's going to start on the 11th or yes MONDAY THE 11th and I'll remind you guys again about it next week and then Thursday at 12 noon and 6pm
Richelle Direny: And if that group gets super big again then
Richelle Direny: We'll have to talk about opening up another group.
Jenn C.: Hey, Rochelle I'm like what is all the hoops that we have to jump through now just to get in like
Jenn C.: I don't know, was on
Jenn C.: At six in the VC right. Wait 30 minutes finally got ahold of somebody then disconnected, then I had a call back with another 30 minutes and they sent me to another room.
Jenn C.: In taking
Jenn C.: To get the number and asked all these questions like, it's just a whole bunch of like it takes over an hour now just to get into group.
Jenette Luckett: So don't worry, somebody
Richelle Direny: Somebody just sent me a message to tell me the same thing. Okay, so this is the only, not me because I i know i don't know what the check in process is I'm and I did I do notice that
Richelle Direny: A lot of people
Richelle Direny: Are probably it's going to be a little bit of a delay because the thing is I sent out the zoom number, but I was in a session. Prior to this, so I think it's delayed the check in.
Richelle Direny: So I know
Richelle Direny: The short it late because I had to have them create a warm me because I was in the middle of a session and I couldn't
Jenn C.: Write when Natalie was text to be like checking the group. Now I didn't even have the number yet.
Natalie Austin: No.
Jenn C.: No, I don't like before we would just check into BC.
Jenn C.: They would say, you know, all your surveys done. We say yes. And then that gives the number right away. Now there's
Jenn C.: The whole some whole other like
Jenn C.: Room or person as they're asking us, the surveys are done and then we got to get a number from then it's just a big old
Richelle Direny: It is it is
Richelle Direny: So we're gonna we're gonna do group just a little bit different. We gonna have
Richelle Direny: We're gonna have a topic, and I'm going to have you guys just share. We're not gonna go because there's a lot of people here, and somebody else is just coming in right now.
Natalie Austin: A couple of times to more people coming into summer.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, there's Claire's corner.
Natalie Austin: At 630 and so is George Zimmerman, a new patient
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. So, so, yeah. So we're gonna have to, you know, you know what, guys. I really appreciate that you guys come to group on my Thursday groups. You guys are on the ball, you're on it. You're doing your thing, and I really appreciate
Richelle Direny: It because I know
Richelle Direny: I have other people that they struggle.
Richelle Direny: So I really just want to put it out there. Shout out to
Natalie Austin: You guys
Richelle Direny: Every week so um
Richelle Direny: You know, so I am
Richelle Direny: Going to there was something I was going to say to somebody. OH group.
Richelle Direny: Appointments
Richelle Direny: Lisa
Richelle Direny: I believe you have, I started, I started to her weakness.
Lisa Goodwill: Yeah, the last appointment I had when I sign into the virtual clinic.
Lisa Goodwill: And I was like, Oh, I'm here for my appointment for Maggie. They're like, oh, that's not today. And they give me a different day. And I've done that, like, three times and I know you told me it was like the 22nd and 23rd last time, but I didn't get my last
Lisa Goodwill: one on one with Maggie.
Richelle Direny: Okay, because I think that I'm going to go over Maggie schedule because I just got a confirmation of her schedule.
Richelle Direny: She only does she has
Richelle Direny: Very, very, very, very limited.
Natalie Austin: Know,
Richelle Direny: There's more coming in.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you know what, while I'm as people are coming in. I'm April, just go kind of go down the line. Who needs a refill.
april carte: I do. April.
Natalie Austin: April.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
april carte: I'll be out
april carte: I'll be out tonight. Austin.
april carte: April.
Natalie Austin: April. Okay.
april carte: Thank you.
And I
Jenette Luckett: I need a refill to
Jenette Luckett: Jeanette needs one
Logan McGraw: Logan.
Natalie Austin: Logan. Yep.
Kelsey McGinty: Okay, I love LC LC
Natalie Austin: LC
Natalie Austin: Yep. Okay.
Christopher Clay: Chris for needs one
Okay.
Eric Ward: Eric needs one
Natalie Austin: With the Eric water Ellen's
Natalie Austin: Word. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Honey, are you okay
Abdikes Abdi: Do I need
To
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, it doesn't have any
Jen D: Hear me now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, yes.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you. But I should
Sandee A: Say,
Lisa Goodwill: Can I talk to you.
Natalie Austin: Set up for after, can you come in tomorrow morning.
Natalie Austin: Tomorrow, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Look after group.
Tonight.
Lisa Goodwill: Okay.
Lisa Goodwill: Though
Jenn C.: Natalie.
Jenn C.: Yes, it's Jen a cochran what time tomorrow morning. Do you want me to
Natalie Austin: At a time. Anytime I'm good all morning.
Jenn C.: Do I
Jenn C.: Or just your room.
Natalie Austin: And I think you have to go to the VC again.
Unfortunately, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Natalie Austin: I know it is
Natalie Austin: I'm supposed to be hooked on my bar room. I've easier. Huh.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I think, I think the full I really honestly think a lot of the holdup I mean not to excuse
Richelle Direny: Because I have heard the complaint about PC being a lot of people coming through. But I think part of it is, it's I I had to tell them to to create a room for me.
Richelle Direny: Because of me being in a session. So I think that's what
Richelle Direny: I had to. Because usually, we send we send
Richelle Direny: Like 30 minutes ahead of time, but I had a session.
Richelle Direny: Prior to this, so I'm
Jenn C.: Obviously don't understand why they don't keep the same room number
I know
Jenn C.: Like
Richelle Direny: I think they just sent a message. It seems like it's
Richelle Direny: A lot of people in the zoom. So they are telling that people are still coming in, um, it's
Natalie Austin: More coming in.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: For sure.
Natalie Austin: Like 40 patients.
Richelle Direny: I know, I know.
Natalie.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Jen D: Did you get this agenda. Did you get fine for Rico.
Natalie Austin: No, no, I just
Jen D: I'm trying to talk. There's like 100 people in the class right now.
Natalie Austin: We have 21
Jen D: I'm just getting off of work right now. It's a little chaotic over here. So,
Natalie Austin: It's okay. You're fine.
Jen D: Okay.
Jen D: I just wanted to make sure I
Jen D: Got it.
Natalie Austin: And you guys there's 20 people. So I have 20 scripts to rise. So give it an hour here guys. Okay.
Richelle Direny: ERIC Oh
Richelle Direny: Oh, when
Richelle Direny: We're finished with when we're finished group.
Richelle Direny: When you're finished with group, you got to go back to the virtual or you gotta go back to the the check in.
Eric Owens: So,
Richelle Direny: They
Richelle Direny: I guess you need to complete something you need to complete something
Eric Owens: Oh yeah mom.
Eric Owens: Yeah, I didn't know I had to complete it.
Natalie Austin: Was brand new Eric's Eric's my newbie higher
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Eric Owens: I didn't, I didn't know I'm supposed to complete it before we
Natalie Austin: Know that that's that's what happened.
Richelle Direny: Earlier to
Eric Owens: They have
Richelle Direny: People coming back. So I would personally rather you guys come to group to be
Richelle Direny: Able to get your group and then y'all could go
To ground.
Richelle Direny: I'm Jeanette.
Jenette Luckett: Right, or by supposed to do that new survey every week.
Also
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Jenette Luckett: Yeah.
Jenn C.: Every week to
Jenn C.: Every day.
Jenette Luckett: Okay. He said he's been emailing
Natalie Austin: Us.
Richelle Direny: I think they also encourage that you guys try to check
Richelle Direny: 30 to 45 minutes earlier.
Jenn C.: Right. But now it's like an hour.
Natalie Austin: I know
Alvin: I know
Rhi Rhi R: A new group.
Richelle Direny: With them.
Richelle Direny: On Monday.
Richelle Direny: The 11th, maybe it will kind of cut back
Jenn C.: And like, do I have the wrong surveys, because the one is like
Jenn C.: The, the very first survey, I had to fill out just for to be in bright heart. It's like asking like, where
Jenn C.: Where does alcoholics.
Jenn C.: And all that
Jenn C.: Like fill that out every week.
Richelle Direny: Somebody
Jenn C.: I thought it was only the one to i thought we only had to fill the one about our family history out the first time.
Jenn C.: And then the one survey every week.
Jenn C.: But now they're saying both of them every week.
Jenn C.: And that makes no sense. How many times I gotta tell him that my you know father didn't beat me.
Jenette Luckett: They told me it's called like
Activity.
Jenette Luckett: Or something.
Richelle Direny: Okay guys.
Richelle Direny: People are
Richelle Direny: In
The house.
Richelle Direny: Mariana
Richelle Direny: Let me give you got your appointment.
Christa: I
Think
Richelle Direny: We have
Richelle Direny: I know you're we missed them at the other day.
Richelle Direny: With you. We honor
Rhi Rhi R: I saw
Rhi Rhi R: You when you send me an email to the
Rhi Rhi R: Injured
Rhi Rhi R: Reaching in my inbox. So I was like, what the heck. So that's what I was wanting to get back in touch to make one on Monday.
Rhi Rhi R: Right.
Richelle Direny: Afterwards, just hang around for the people who needs an appointment for any
Richelle Direny: Kind of firm, you could just hang around
Richelle Direny: Afterwards, and I go over our schedule because I'm booked up for next
Richelle Direny: And solely for the rest of the
Richelle Direny: Month. So I'll just try to go in and start booking the appointment.
Richelle Direny: I know you can do it through, through the regular care coordinators, but again, thank you everyone for coming. And so I do see a lot of
Richelle Direny: Faces I'm
Richelle Direny: caffery, this is your first time.
Natalie Austin: Or second
Natalie Austin: After
Kathryn Bolles: This is the second time that I've been here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, no.
Richelle Direny: It isn't
Richelle Direny: Okay then. So
Richelle Direny: There was one person that now Kenny No.
Richelle Direny: It's not you. Don't you
Approach.
Chasity: Natalie.
Chasity: Natalie. This is chastity. Yes, I was muted, I guess. But I needed a refill as well.
Natalie Austin: Okay, right, you don't
Natalie Austin: Thank you. Okay, I 20 refills ago so I'm going to try to get my tonight but
Kennie Brown: You also December, Kenny.
Natalie Austin: Kenny. OK. OK.
Kathryn Bolles: And Catherine, I do also
Kathryn Bolles: I was only there for a week.
Natalie Austin: Anyone
Christa: Know I'm good.
Jenn C.: Um, what is it,
Richelle Direny: We need a refill.
Jenn C.: I mean, I got one last week, but I love another one.
Jenn C.: We'll talk about that tomorrow.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Hold on.
Rhi Rhi R: He's muted Ashley can do you need a refill you're muted.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, and my boyfriend Jerry He went upstairs check on the kids.
Natalie Austin: Okay CME Group to
Ashley Martin: Yeah, he's, he was just
Eric Owens: Go Erica ones needs one to
Natalie Austin: The goodwill and
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you said that your, what, what's his
Natalie Austin: Name.
Natalie Austin: Me Robin at
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: When you
Richelle Direny: You guys will have to
Richelle Direny: Attend separate groups. Okay.
T
Ashley Martin: We didn't know he's three
Richelle Direny: Years.
Richelle Direny: Older. Yeah, you have a separate group.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Eric Owens: And work.
Natalie Austin: Or yeah
Richelle Direny: Going away. I know, I know.
Richelle Direny: Somebody TVs really
Rhi Rhi R: need a refill now bomb. Good.
Richelle Direny: Okay guys, so
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: With the next
Richelle Direny: 30 minutes left.
Let's talk
Natalie Austin: About
Richelle Direny: George
Richelle Direny: Joined us
Rhi Rhi R: Hi.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so for for everyone that's new.
Richelle Direny: As you can see, my name is Rochelle and I'm
Richelle Direny: Always going to be the host
Richelle Direny: Of the 30 unless I decide to take a
Richelle Direny: Needed vacation and I'm probably sure they
Christa: Florida.
Richelle Direny: So after the
Richelle Direny: Florida. I'm probably going to take one vacation day going outside and just seeing how
Richelle Direny: The world is operating again outside
Richelle Direny: You know, being here, just you know it's you miss
Richelle Direny: The outside world.
Richelle Direny: And I think my first trip is going to be to the beach to send up under the open
Richelle Direny: Because that's all we can do
Richelle Direny: They're not allowing you to bring it into the beach.
Richelle Direny: But just you and looking at the open
Richelle Direny: On the hottest and
Richelle Direny: So that's what I'll do.
Richelle Direny: I'm going to make
Richelle Direny: Natalie.
Richelle Direny: Because I'm
Richelle Direny: If I think my arm, just in case I get frozen Frozen. If I'm frozen guys, just let me know. And so I'm going to turn over the
Richelle Direny: Handles to you, Natalie, just in case.
Natalie Austin: I'm you're right, man.
Richelle Direny: So I went back
Richelle Direny: Home in a dark place hope.
Richelle Direny: I'm in the sense
Richelle Direny: That pope in a dark place. I'm talking about where is your place.
Richelle Direny: For some people, their dark place can
Christa: Be
Richelle Direny: They could be experiencing that
Jenette Luckett: Right now.
Richelle Direny: I'm us amid the crisis in everything that's going on, just as it applies to you personally that can be your dark place now. Or you could have experienced or dark place and I want just you to hear what was your way of finding hope.
Richelle Direny: While you work in that dark place.
Richelle Direny: I know earlier.
Richelle Direny: We had people talk about for them.
Richelle Direny: It's holding on to face. So for them, their hope is just their belief in God, I'm just having faith in God. Some people just, it's not even an option, but they just have to have hope other people gave other reasons and so
Richelle Direny: You know, after
Richelle Direny: You know, people were sharing. I thought to myself, okay for us to be confident about, you know,
Richelle Direny: Why we say that I have hope now.
Christa: It's because we have experienced
Richelle Direny: Different things in life that makes us feel so confident
Richelle Direny: About where we
Richelle Direny: Are today and you know
Richelle Direny: Maybe it was you had
George Zimmerman: A confidence. But now,
Richelle Direny: You're a different place or
Richelle Direny: A different season right now. And while you're in CS
Richelle Direny: You're into find hope you're you're trying to whatever hope that you have that things are going to be better that tomorrow is going to, it's going to be better or you're hoping for tomorrow to be
Richelle Direny: Better
Jenette Luckett: So I just want to share
Richelle Direny: Today I'm
Richelle Direny: Happy to get
Richelle Direny: In our time today is how did, how do you find hope in this place. What is it that you do.
Richelle Direny: On talking so I'm gonna start with
Eric Owens: April.
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna have you share how did you
Eric Owens: Find hope.
april carte: I found hope to my children, um,
april carte: You know what, I'm lost. Or I feel like giving up. I just
april carte: Think about them, my children, my mom, my family.
april carte: And that, you know, gives me hope to keep going.
april carte: I mean that and doing god you know i'm not
april carte: The most religious person in the world, but I do believe in God and I do believe in divine intervention. So
april carte: I just pray about it. You know, my children, keep me going. My mom, my family.
april carte: I just find hoping that
april carte: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, thanks thing, um,
Richelle Direny: Let's because we have so many people here um
Richelle Direny: Why don't you go ahead and share
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Go ahead CRISPR
Okay.
Christa: Um, it's funny that you mentioned this.
Christa: because something happened to me a year ago that
Christa: I had and I had a lot of things happen like back to back to back.
Christa: And
Christa: It's, it's an emotional thing but anyways. At this point I had lost hope in divine intervention until it happened. Um, and I realized that we
Christa: As human beings are so much
Christa: More than this body.
Christa: And
Christa: That's what gives me hope. Every day, like if something bad happens, I can easily discard that is it's okay, it's going to be better because we are so much more than this material world in this material body that we put so much ego mentality into. Does that make sense.
Christa: So that's what gets me through there. I it was to me. It was my divine intervention. It was my wake up and now I know this is just
Christa: I don't know. It's like a game to me now, and we are the controllers and you just gotta, you have to have that faith so you can control it the right way, you know,
Richelle Direny: And like I said earlier, it's that for you to get to that place to speak about what you to speak about hope now and to speak the way you're speaking today, like you said you had went through some
Richelle Direny: already experienced some things
Richelle Direny: So while you experienced that now that you come out of it.
Richelle Direny: When you look back, you're like, Okay, now I can speak with confidence. Like there's
Richelle Direny: More to
Richelle Direny: This than what we are looking at there is more to it. It's based on your experience that you share with other people.
Richelle Direny: And why you share. And that's why, like tonight because, again, you know, I don't really want to limit on the air. You know, labor on the point because there was a lot of people and I really like
Richelle Direny: You know, people to share, but it's just that point of and why I've always even say, and I know there's a lot of new people here today and you know if you don't want to share. That's fine.
Richelle Direny: Because, you know, you want to know what the group is all about and and what it looks like but
Richelle Direny: It's, it's your group and it's for you to share with each other because, you know, somebody might be in a dark place and it was funny because with this topic earlier in the group.
Richelle Direny: Someone talks about, wow, you know, it's a lot to have hope because someone a loved one their partner their spouse had just attempted suicide. A few days ago. And so now they're having to have hope for that person who
Richelle Direny: Even though they attempted suicide was not successful. So now I have to have hope. And I have to have strength for that person. So it's that they're trying to find hope for themselves and for someone else. And so it's sharing with others because
Richelle Direny: The thing is, we're all going through something, it may not
Richelle Direny: look exactly the same, but we're all going through something. And so if I say, you know what, for me today. I find hoping my children. I have find hope in my family. That's what I'm finding in
Richelle Direny: And you look into that and you say, wow, you know what, maybe I can do that too. I find hope because I've been through this and I know there's more to life than just what I'm looking at.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Maybe that I could look at that.
Richelle Direny: And I can find meaning and understanding that
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: Everyone, you know, it's just speaking from your place, and just, you know, when you're sharing. Just be mindful that it's okay to share. And I know we're all new and nobody knows any one for the most part, at least.
Richelle Direny: From anything sure don't know me but it's sharing with each other. You're hoping that it will help you get through even just today.
Richelle Direny: Maybe you just face something this morning and I need somehow to get through today because sometimes we get to that in life. I just need to get through this hour. That's why I just
Richelle Direny: Need to be able to get through this hour. That's it.
Richelle Direny: It could even get a smallest. I just need to get through the next minute every minute of the day is important. Every minute eight is crucial. That's just how much the life has gotten me down.
Richelle Direny: And it's okay, it's okay because we all get to that place like I just need to get through this minute. And so, but be, you know, again, everything here is confidential, you know, but just encourage each other to know. Listen, I find my hope because I know I went through some
Richelle Direny: And when I was going through my crap. You know, I'm just sugar called me up because it's a recording session yell but
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: What I went through my crap. I know where where I am today.
Richelle Direny: So thank you so much. Krista
Christa: M You're welcome.
Richelle Direny: I'm going to have
Roxy, you want to share
Roxanne Arnold: Not really. Do I have to do. I'm kind of I can
Roxanne Arnold: But I kind of missed whatever you the initial statement was I just got a new phone. And I couldn't get it to download the zoom app. So I
Richelle Direny: Know you're here with us. I can hear you really
Cara vordtriede: Good.
Cara vordtriede: And I can see your crystal.
Clear
Richelle Direny: And while you share
Richelle Direny: You can tell Miss I said if you need a refill. So you get a double whammy.
Roxanne Arnold: Oh yeah, okay.
Roxanne Arnold: What what was, what are we sharing on
Richelle Direny: Place. How do you find hope.
Roxanne Arnold: How do I find how
Roxanne Arnold: I, I'm going to have to say.
Roxanne Arnold: Sometimes it's more challenging.
Roxanne Arnold: Than others, but I'm going to say through a
Roxanne Arnold: Support Network and
Roxanne Arnold: Through prayer.
Roxanne Arnold: That's really how I find hope or just even if a small good thing happens. I try to tell myself, you know,
Roxanne Arnold: Things will be okay. That kind of thing affirmations.
Richelle Direny: Turn. Okay, that's good, that's good. Natalie, are you
Richelle Direny: Natalie.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Roxy, is he or she, she needs a reception area.
Richelle Direny: And cara, cara joined us so
Natalie Austin: But I know she's good.
Richelle Direny: She's good. She's
Richelle Direny: You know it's it's it's good, like you said, finding hope. I know, I know, for me personally, I like to be around people. I like to do what I'm doing now talk
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Sometimes when I'm feeling down
Rhi Rhi R: Having people
Richelle Direny: Talk to me is what helps me and sometimes. Have you ever been through those moments where you need somebody to talk to. And it seemed like nobody in your phone was the answer the phone.
Richelle Direny: And it's like, you talk to somebody and they get up want to answer their phone. And so sometimes I'm just like, All right, guys. Well, since nobody wants to
Christa: Be no attention today.
Richelle Direny: You got it. And this is where you
Christa: We don't have to have a conversation because
Richelle Direny: I need
Richelle Direny: This moment.
Roxanne Arnold: And that's just
Richelle Direny: Like you said, that's how you find it, you reach for this you reach for that. It's finding some outlet of being able to get something to fill you up.
Roxanne Arnold: So you have for the woman.
Roxanne Arnold: Yes I different tools you have the access and then find out for me anyway.
Roxanne Arnold: So,
Richelle Direny: Thank you so much.
Roxanne Arnold: Nice and something I just asked him real quick. I'm sorry gnarly. I don't want to stay over anything
Roxanne Arnold: And even calling me in the tablets instead of the film.
Roxanne Arnold: Film and I think you probably just
Roxanne Arnold: Forgot or something. But I'm supposed to get the
Roxanne Arnold: Film, if you don't mind.
Natalie Austin: Or yoga.
Roxanne Arnold: A price today.
Natalie Austin: Hey, what's your name again so I'm
Roxanne Arnold: Not saying
Roxanne Arnold: I
Natalie Austin: Got the
Natalie Austin: Film
Roxanne Arnold: Yes, yes.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm experiment. And then you put a star on it. I don't know what happened.
Roxanne Arnold: Thank you.
Very much.
Natalie Austin: Sorry about that.
Roxanne Arnold: Oh, you're fine.
Richelle Direny: I'm Brianna. You want to go ahead and share
Rhi Rhi R: My kind of similar to what she was saying earlier hope for me was to my family like they literally
Christa: Back when I
Rhi Rhi R: Say,
Rhi Rhi R: A literally
Rhi Rhi R: kicked me out and threw me out of my damn house, you know, I mean, my kids were disgusted. And then I just had to talk to God and I had to open my eyes and realize I got to get control of my life, or I'll be dead.
Rhi Rhi R: You know, I mean,
Rhi Rhi R: I find helping a little bit of everywhere. I mean, if you ever feel like you have lost it, and we can all say this you attend a meeting and listen to other people's tragedies, or think they're going through.
Rhi Rhi R: There's always something out there you know
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You're absolutely right.
Natalie Austin: Absolutely right.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Rhi Rhi R: You want honey.
Richelle Direny: No. No, I was just asking, Kelsey.
Richelle Direny: Kelsey on you did and
She's her video. Yes.
Richelle Direny: I can't see you. Cassie.
Kelsey McGinty: Oh,
Kelsey McGinty: Just a minute.
Here.
Richelle Direny: Hey Kelsey, so
Richelle Direny: If you, if you don't mind sharing. But before you share Kelsey you stood me up on Monday.
Kelsey McGinty: I know my phone broke and I just got a new phone. Today I'm
Kelsey McGinty: And it's just been a whole
Kelsey McGinty: I got like I got this phone that I was
Kelsey McGinty: Broken
Richelle Direny: I hope when you went home, your little turkeys helped us get through it.
Kelsey McGinty: My dogs. They've been enjoying their time outside my boyfriend built in, like, a new little pen because like we try to move in like so it's the grass doesn't get
Kelsey McGinty: Like
Kelsey McGinty: A spotty. You know, like if they eat like Danny lines and stuff. So they do eat part of the grass. They don't really eat like grass, grass. They like grubs and like the stuff that you don't want in your lawn.
And the fleas.
Kelsey McGinty: Yeah, there's some huge
Kelsey McGinty: Except you know they ate my for I started
Kelsey McGinty: Seedlings this year I started carrots and tomatoes and beans like like bush beans and those little shits excuse my language they ate all of my little seedlings.
Kelsey McGinty: And I was so mad at them because
Kelsey McGinty: I can help them escape into my plant room and they went in there on a covert operation and eight all of my seedlings. So I'm not
Richelle Direny: So, um, I can reschedule you for the 18th at six o'clock.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, so I rescheduled for the six. The 18th at six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: No. Okay, so for everyone who
Richelle Direny: Came in afterwards, after I made the announcement on the 11th, which is on Monday.
Richelle Direny: At 11 I mean at 12 will
Richelle Direny: Take it back on Monday, the 11th of May.
Richelle Direny: We're going to
Richelle Direny: Open up another group at noon. So, um, you know, you're technically supposed to be attending groups weekly
Richelle Direny: So now there's another opportunity that if you're unable to make the 12 or six o'clock on Thursday, you can come over to the Monday group at noon.
Richelle Direny: If that works better for you. So this is just another opportunity that we're going to open up group and I'll make the announcement again next week. So you'll just remember that will be another group.
Richelle Direny: That will open up on the 11th at noon, which is on Monday, because these this group is really big on. And when I say really big. They really want 10 people in a group and so
Natalie Austin: We're rocking with 2324 24
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, you
Guys.
Natalie Austin: Carries out of it. They're like 24
Richelle Direny: So, um, so that's kind of what's going on.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: Thank you so much. So I'll
Richelle Direny: put you down.
For
Kelsey McGinty: That he said
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Kelsey McGinty: Now for you.
Richelle Direny: If you do come that day for you for your session. You just can't come to group that day.
Richelle Direny: So we can't do. And that's another thing we can
Christa: Look at
Richelle Direny: Individual always try to be mindful of fact in some to let you know you won't be able to attend a Monday group. If you want to that day. If you
Richelle Direny: Don't then we're gonna have to stop one of them. Okay.
Kelsey McGinty: So on Monday. There's two times those not just say are not just noon I
Kelsey McGinty: That's all I heard was noon Monday on Mondays.
Richelle Direny: Monday's it's just one group.
On Monday.
Kelsey McGinty: And by starting on the 11th, not next
Richelle Direny: Monday. Monday. Monday after. That's what a
Natalie Austin: Lot of snow this next week. What day you're going to pick something up left
Natalie Austin: Pills, you know, from Thursday to Monday.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Good.
Natalie Austin: Everybody
Natalie Austin: Wonderful. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, so let's see what else we can share. Um, I mean,
Kelsey McGinty: You want to share, you can share
Richelle Direny: That will be wonderful chastity. How about you.
Chasity: I have to agree with everyone else.
Chasity: Can you hear me okay
Natalie Austin: Yeah, perfectly
Chasity: I know I have quit.
Chasity: I quit doing Suboxone are taking Suboxone
Chasity: But then I started back up.
Chasity: And it's not something that I want to be on forever. I do want to go back to school, so I think I have like hope in myself that I can do it again.
Chasity: If that makes
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah.
Rhi Rhi R: Not have you
Chasity: More of a goal, I think, than anything but
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Chasity: One year. One year left for my RN, and I really want to do it, but not be on Suboxone while I'm doing that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, well, you get through it. You have 2324 people in here with pom poms route in your mind going into it. You're gonna get through.
Richelle Direny: It. Okay.
Chasity: I'll take it. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: We're all just, you know, we're going to route you on
Richelle Direny: And we're going to read
Richelle Direny: Each and every person on because that is, you know,
That would be a great accomplishment.
Richelle Direny: We all have the opportunity to go back to when we're given a second chance at life.
Richelle Direny: Go go go for go for it will have our own little graduation party right opinion, you're on zoom
Natalie Austin: When you get through it.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: Let's see. Jen, Jen. See
Jen D: Hey, Rochelle.
Jen D: Yeah. JOHN D.
Jen D: My thoughts about that.
Christa: Okay.
I learned
Jenn C.: Cindy can go cuz I really
Jenn C.: Don't want to go right now.
Jenn C.: Change. She can share like I've just had a really about
Natalie Austin: Two days without
Natalie Austin: Remember that text I sent you earlier.
Jen D: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes, last
Richelle Direny: One. Yeah. You want to go ahead and share
Richelle Direny: And then if you're being
Not
Natalie Austin: Know your doing the bus.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so
Jenn C.: Mine.
Jenn C.: Is she shares and I'll skip sharing because it's been
Jenn C.: Yeah.
Jenn C.: I don't want to share
Jen D: My phone's about to die. And I wanted to make sure to make an appointment with you because I was at work, yesterday I didn't get any emails from me or anything about rescheduling
Richelle Direny: Or you know what I essentially
Richelle Direny: And I said, hey, just
Richelle Direny: Want to go ahead and reschedule.
Richelle Direny: So, and you didn't respond to me. I thought that maybe was. It was rescheduled
Jen D: It seems like some special day.
Jen D: I didn't get anything I've done in my email, and because of work I have to get up at four in the morning, touch the buckets that I work until 615 and I don't get home until 830 so there's my day.
Richelle Direny: And risk rescheduled you for the fourth
Richelle Direny: At seven
Jen D: Of course at seven. Okay. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yeah, but I didn't send you an email.
Richelle Direny: I don't
Richelle Direny: I don't send and just I don't send emails I send text messages if that's the
Richelle Direny: Only way if you only way you can communicate is through email, I will respond to an email.
Jen D: I didn't get a touch at all.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's fine. But I knew you were at work. So that's why I said, Hey, do you want
Jen D: to reschedule.
Jen D: Yeah, I don't want you to think I'm blowing you guys off because I'm not so I just started your
Richelle Direny: I know, I know I
Richelle Direny: Remember that I remember that you started yesterday.
Richelle Direny: I remember if
Richelle Direny: I have a whole lot of creation, but I remember
Richelle Direny: I remember, don't worry. So, um, I
Wish
Richelle Direny: Somebody said to Russia.
Rhi Rhi R: Amy, Brianna Brianna.
Natalie Austin: Read me
Rhi Rhi R: you text me our appointment.
Rhi Rhi R: Because I'll get the text message because I accidentally deleted everything my texting.
Rhi Rhi R: Or something. I don't know. So I couldn't get back to you.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I wonder if you don't you don't have an appointment with me.
Richelle Direny: But
Jen D: Let me write down the people who
Richelle Direny: Have an appointment.
Richelle Direny: I'll send you an appointment.
Jen D: Okay, thanks.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and then
Richelle Direny: Like I said, I see a lot of new faces on here. Let me see if I could quickly, um,
Richelle Direny: Since time is coming night. Let me quickly see if I because there's a lot of new faces. And so the other thing is that bright heart is kind of tightening up on
Richelle Direny: Kind of the part patient in terms of attending group like it's very important to attend group because you're you're refills are attached to your group attendance and if you're not
Richelle Direny: Coming to group.
Richelle Direny: Then it will, you know, it will affect you getting the refills. So I really truly try my best to remind everybody, and give everybody their appointment times
Richelle Direny: And send reminders. Now, unfortunately, if your therapist is Maggie, um, you know, I just verbally tell it to you during group time when your appointment is so like Jen Jeanette your appointment with Maggie is on the 27th at seven.
Richelle Direny: Um, and so far in the group right now. That is the only person.
Christa: I see.
Richelle Direny: Oh no, Roxanne your appointment with Maggie is on the sixth at 7pm.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you got it. Rock fan.
Roxanne Arnold: Yes, ma'am. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: And then I think that's it. Nobody else in this
Richelle Direny: Group is
On her calendar.
Roxanne Arnold: Nobody else
Richelle Direny: On this group is on her calendar. So I'm and then from my calendar. I already gave out everyone in her
Richelle Direny: Of getting your, your, especially because your new the very first appointment. The very first appointment with your therapist of important appointment. That's how we get to know you.
Richelle Direny: That's how we're able to get to build a treatment plan.
Richelle Direny: And even though, even if you have an appointment outside. That's fine. Don't stop seeing your therapists outside continue doing it but just for bright heart. You know, it's important just to do that very first appointment, because that is a part of the
Richelle Direny: Program. And then, you know, you just continue to attend your outside appointments. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: Everybody does anybody need to
Richelle Direny: To share or to get there. Really didn't get it.
Natalie Austin: I think I got everybody
Roxanne Arnold: For everybody okay
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: this cool thing.
Richelle Direny: Parting statement. It's just, I just wanted to just share again, you know,
Richelle Direny: Everyone usually
Richelle Direny: In
Richelle Direny: The group will have everyone, um, you know, try to share or just the to weigh
Richelle Direny: In on I'm
Richelle Direny: Just waiting on the topic. Um, but, you know, I just want just to let everyone know you know we're all here for each other. Um, there is hope.
Richelle Direny: Whether it's you're in this dark place. Now, or just anytime we all experience dark places and it's why it's called seasons. We all experience different season in our lives.
Richelle Direny: That season could be your dark place could be financial, it could be health
Richelle Direny: It could be with a family member, it could be feeling ostracized by your family or certain group of friends, whatever it is. And you just kind of feel low and you feel depressed or what have you.
Richelle Direny: It's just, it's finding that hope and whatever that that is for you. Remember part of how you found hope in the past when you work in that dark place.
Richelle Direny: It's somewhat how the addiction started because you use that for some or for a lot of, you're not going to say for everybody, but for the
Richelle Direny: Most of you use that to kind of numb the feeling of anxiety, whether it's social anxiety, whatever it is you use that that's how that addiction.
Richelle Direny: You know you turned to whatever it was that you were addicted to you help to do with the anxiety you, it helps you to
Richelle Direny: Deal with the hurt and the pain that feeling of isolation depression. It's just, I don't want to feel. I don't want to think
Richelle Direny: I don't want to just be a part and the only way I can do that. Is this life that addiction that you entered, and that's what the whole was back then. And at some point in time.
Richelle Direny: You've experienced something where you're like, You know what, I don't want to be in the storm anymore.
Richelle Direny: I don't want, I don't like how it's making me feel. I just don't like it. And so now you're on this journey of recovery and some of you have been learning for a while. So now you know for a lot of people who
Richelle Direny: Are new to our group today, there was this topic that I talked about. I refer to the song and the line and the songs and I can see clearly. Now the rain is gone.
Richelle Direny: I can see all the obstacles in my way. And it's going to be a bright sunshiny day. And so that's kind of where that hope is now that you're out of that storm.
Richelle Direny: You're here now you can see all of the obstacles. Now there is a hope that it is going to be a bright sunshiny day
Richelle Direny: And you have to find what am I holding on to what helped me to get through that and you know what if that if that's what whatever I find to hold on to today and it's helping me get through every minute of the day, or every just hour of the day.
Richelle Direny: Just keep holding on to that because you know what eventually is going to come along and you're going to say, hey, you know what, I hope, whether it's faith in God, whether it's faith in my family, whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: You will find it. And that's what you hold on to. And that's what keeps you going and before you know it, you will be years down the line. And you're like, man.
Richelle Direny: I've gotten so far and I don't even know how I got there, because it just our resilience
Richelle Direny: And, you know, coming to group is always helpful going to individual is also very helpful too because in individual you can talk about those.
Richelle Direny: Those intimate things and you're processing it, I believe that when you go to individual. It's not that the counselor, is there to give them all of the answers or what have you.
Richelle Direny: A counselor is only as knowledgeable as you make them in mean that
Richelle Direny: You're telling them what is going on, kind of like when you go to the doctor doctor can't solve your problems you'll tell them what's going on.
Richelle Direny: Thank God. They know mine readers, you have to tell them what's going on. And then they can lead you on that path and help you get on that path, but a lot of its you're figuring out, like, wow.
Richelle Direny: Wow, like, now I get it. And that's, you know, helping even in that to find hope is just to get those tools to put in your toolbox to get through.
Richelle Direny: So hopefully you guys got something out of today. I'm hoping, but just continue coming and I'll be here, Natalie, and I will be here on whatever day of the week you choose will be here. Okay. So thank you everyone.
Richelle Direny: For everyone. Listen, y'all have my number just shoot me a text. If you need the appointments, because it's a lot for me to go through probably take two hours for me to go through everybody's appointments and schedule it just shoot me a message and let me know, okay.
Lisa Goodwill: Lisa what time tomorrow. Can I talk to you.
Natalie Austin: Are you say
Lisa Goodwill: What time tomorrow. Can I get on here to talk to you.
Natalie Austin: oh nine.
Natalie Austin: Nine o'clock is fine. You're just
Natalie Austin: Gonna go to the VC, though, if you don't, you probably don't answer all those questions. Yeah, whatever. Time to for your 910 11
Lisa Goodwill: Okay, thank you.
Jenn C.: Natalie. I'm gonna try to do the 11 o'clock.
Natalie Austin: Okay, perfect.
Jenn C.: Alright, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Everybody
Lisa Goodwill: Thank you.
Rhi Rhi R: Bye, you guys. Have a nice day.
Richelle Direny: You need to chastity, you want it.
Richelle Direny: Needed to you have a question, chastity.
Richelle Direny: No. Okay, okay, you can log off. You can if you don't have any other questions that everybody you can log off.
Natalie Austin: Okay, thanks guys.
George Zimmerman: I have a question. Quick Natalie.
Natalie Austin: Was cars.
George Zimmerman: I'm just so I'm not sure I'm really confused with how everything's gonna be working because
George Zimmerman: Been getting kind of different information. I know, I know.
Natalie Austin: The Monday group. I have no idea. So I mean, as long as there's only one of them. I talked to help you can find your higher group and yeah
George Zimmerman: Okay.
Natalie Austin: It's fine, it's okay with you.
George Zimmerman: I'm fine with
Richelle Direny: Pennsylvania right he's in another
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you can talk to any one of her groups.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Because
George Zimmerman: Yeah, well, cuz I have individuals with Serena. I've already done.
George Zimmerman: My first individual with her and my second one is scheduled for the fifth, or six, I don't remember exactly what day, but it's a fit or the sex.
George Zimmerman: And we hadn't heard Justin and I hadn't heard anything about the group's yet a little bit like I knew it was still getting figured out with our groups.
George Zimmerman: What groups should we join. I'm not sure. Should we cuz it was Thursday at 6pm right
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's the one you're in right now. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: But if we
Natalie Austin: Got at least I think he would just just joined this one until we can get on Monday group I
Natalie Austin: Said okay
George Zimmerman: Somebody will it be okay if Justin does this as well, because we don't want anything to affect our program.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, he has to come to a noon. Was he didn't come in at lunchtime.
George Zimmerman: And honestly,
George Zimmerman: Maybe he could talk to a supervisor then and see because our, our lunches kind of change quite frequently.
George Zimmerman: Maybe he could talk to a supervisor credit
George Zimmerman: Be either the Monday or the Thursday, one for
Natalie Austin: Yes, yes. Okay.
George Zimmerman: Or I'll talk to my one of us will figure it out and see if one of us.
George Zimmerman: Yeah. Lunch around noon and then
George Zimmerman: It's an hour. Is it an hour long group would
George Zimmerman: Yeah.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But you have both of you have to come to two separate groups.
Natalie Austin: Right after the problem. Yeah, that's what we're gonna do.
George Zimmerman: Yeah, cuz our lunch break. It's only 45 minutes. So if we were to do it. Would it be okay if we did a 45 minute
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
George Zimmerman: So starting next week, then we'll try to make sure that each of us is doing one group and then to the individuals because I know he has his individual setup as well so
All right.
Natalie Austin: Wonderful.
George Zimmerman: Thank you. Have a good night, guys.
Richelle Direny: You too.
Bye.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, you could come on, Natalie, um,
I was going to meet with her.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Sandee A: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Yo, yo, Natalie, she I think she wants to ask you something.
Sandee A: Yeah. Dr. Austin.
Sandee A: I moved out tomorrow.
Sandee A: I will be here through the day. So it's calling a prescription
And we're
Natalie Austin: Doing right now. We don't know.
Sandee A: Yeah, just if you just don't put a refill on it because I won't be here next week to get the refill.
Natalie Austin: Okay, then just let us know about your new pharmacies calling about your new pharmacy name and number. Okay.
Sandee A: Yes, um, hoodoo. I call just say
Natalie Austin: The VA taste. I'll be here next
Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Sandee A: And I'm getting mixed Asian about CDs. If I should use the CDs or
Natalie Austin: Answers that they have to plug it into the computer.
Natalie Austin: They have to do all that on their end because if you call me and just give it to me, hey, is it time to put it in.
Sandee A: Would it be
Sandee A: possible then for you to give me two weeks applies in at least
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: I might be able to. I'll have to ask
Natalie Austin: My boss. I mean,
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Sandee A: The first first time i got it i you give me 28 Oh, boom, and now it's been 14 with a refill so
Natalie Austin: I'm not going to be asked, we
Sandee A: Pick up a refill.
Natalie Austin: And I'm sure I
Sandee A: can drive it to me three hours away.
Richelle Direny: Sandy, can we, um, let's see. Maybe you said What time are you moving tomorrow.
Sandee A: I'll be gone by 330 tomorrow on the road.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um, because I know that you are. I know that you have a lot going on.
Richelle Direny: I actually have a session now checking
Richelle Direny: In so
Sandee A: After the news that I got to the hospital I I'm overwhelmed. I'll tell you, I mean this possibility I could be losing nice my legs and I'm paranoid. I'm scared to death. I bet.
Richelle Direny: I know
Richelle Direny: I know that is that is a lot to be
Richelle Direny: What time is your daughter. What time is the truck coming tomorrow.
Sandee A: There'll be here at 11 o'clock in the morning.
Richelle Direny: 11
Richelle Direny: What is the earliest you can login
Sandee A: Oh, I'll be up early, eight, nine o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's check in around Um, if you want to log on, we can meet for like half an hour around 830 tomorrow morning.
Sandee A: Okay, okay. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Just log into my 830 tomorrow, either.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, just come in at 830 tomorrow morning and we can chat.
Sandee A: Until because I do have a nine o'clock session. So we can meet for 30 minutes
Richelle Direny: Before my nine o'clock comes in.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Here's to
Natalie Austin: Sleep.
Natalie Austin: I'll make you two weeks. Do you have to show up on
Natalie Austin: It absolutely will.
Natalie Austin: Absolutely.
Sandee A: I won't be happy.
Natalie Austin: I promise.
Richelle Direny: All right. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Say I'm Natalie, there was 23 people
Natalie Austin: Y'all in 20
Richelle Direny: You count 24 because somebody they were together. But remember, I don't think. Hold on.
Natalie Austin: What can tell you that Jeremy Robinette is in here to
Richelle Direny: Join your webinar.
Natalie Austin: Like this is a village to her to
Natalie Austin: Robin
Natalie Austin: Was 24 total today.
Richelle Direny: 24 total. So you just so we just have to, like you said, just say that Jeremy, Robin. It was in because I'm. Oh, you know what, let me get his name, so I can add him to the I can add him because so like I said
Richelle Direny: Okay, let me add into the calendar. Um, how do you spell The last name.
Richelle Direny: Just like
Natalie Austin: The burn Robin I be I am etc etc.
Natalie Austin: Confirm that here.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I got it, I got it.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So aren't Adam for today as attending group, um,
Richelle Direny: That was, that was a lot of people now.
Natalie Austin: I know that was exhausting.
Natalie Austin: Read Only now.
Natalie Austin: And I'm yes same I'm just went well. They use great
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Just because I know there's something there was a lot of new people and that's the thing. A lot of those people that came their new for arm.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they are.
Richelle Direny: What's his name was trying to log in, but I guess he was having internet troll because he kept sending me messages back and forth.
Natalie Austin: More or night.
Richelle Direny: Brock was trying to login
Richelle Direny: Yes, but he I asked him, he's a refill. He said, no, he said he's go till next week.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Because he was saying that he was in the
Richelle Direny: He was saying that he was in
Richelle Direny: VC. OK, so now I can tell you who didn't show so Logan wasn't here.
Natalie Austin: Oh no, there are a lot of them was there.
Richelle Direny: Megan was there.
Natalie Austin: Was a McGraw. He said, I need a refill. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What about Justin bussmann
Natalie Austin: No, no, Justin.
Richelle Direny: I'm Christopher clay, he was there he I did see him.
Natalie Austin: Well crossovers there.
Richelle Direny: Kari grooms
Well,
Richelle Direny: I'm Brock, he will even though he was saying that he was no but he said he was having internet problems, but he said he thought he was a no show and then Brian van hoose
Natalie Austin: He's been calling all week to get a resale. And I told him, I said, you have to come to group today you have two options, noon, and now
Richelle Direny: So he'll show. So Brian show
Natalie Austin: Mm hmm. So Brian Terry and Justin.
Richelle Direny: And then Kira who came earlier. She's still backup today. I did see her.
Natalie Austin: Yes, you did. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, um, so, then only two three nationals, I guess.
Natalie Austin: doesn't carry and Ryan Roxy Brian tomorrow. I guess an individual
Natalie Austin: He's been out
Richelle Direny: Well, and just let him know since you didn't show. So we had a total of 24 you sent in. Right.
Natalie Austin: Correct. I'll send you a picture of it.
Richelle Direny: No, I got it, I got it, because I put it on my machine.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I had it since since he came, she came together. I just added him to the calendar that he was there, so they can build him as well.
Natalie Austin: And I had 12 noon groups. Well, for that.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I have 12
Richelle Direny: Let me see. I'm for the new yes I didn't have 12 because I did put that in there.
Richelle Direny: For 24 people was
Natalie Austin: 36 today.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm telling you, I've ever 40 people already
Natalie Austin: Saw this week I saw one today actually start next week.
Richelle Direny: Maybe if we if we open up the Monday group at 12 and if it's big again and then maybe engine open up a second group on Monday, since you're available on Mondays.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. All right. Then let me jump into my next session.
Richelle Direny: We
Are